hey guys it's just measure exs 09 aks
guy has a 95 on the alt channel today
giving us update number 9 if you guys
hear any background noise it's my little
brothers playing video games I kind of
did this muck at a bad time for them but
oh well known as you can see this is a
pretty huge mock these are my remaining
droid forces that are not being used in
my movie I'm not gonna young give you
guys detail good details um really
little detail of this but um you want to
hear every little detail you're gonna
have to wait to the next vid but yeah
just a pretty huge battle it's not um
not having you know to me huge would be
the next my very first mock it's going
to kick off my series well might as well
say this will kick off my theories but
um yeah so um what I just wanted to show
you guys this give you something to look
at these base plates i purchased all of
them today thanks to my grandpa courtesy
these are our 16 green base plates yep
16 actually I bought 14 day but um two
of these base plates I've already I had
extra so yeah actually about 15 a hot
one on accident but um I was just
counting but so yeah
um haven't bought anything new recently
no I'm you know I'm playing the busing a
new set here in the near future but you
know just yeah and as you can see the
gunship isn't customized get I've had
time to get paint yet but yeah I'm just
going to be a Louisville of pics of the
battle again i'm doing a video its
engine make sure you don't get in this
file okay sorry guys this is my little
brother you guys already seen them once
yeah so yeah so now just giving you guys
a little bit of a 360 view of the Mach
there's um a lightsaber duel going on
downed a GRT down the Lions tank and
spider droid and yes is there is a lot
more république stuff down I mean what
less Republic stuff that is um destroyed
then there is droids but yeah so yeah
I'm kind of being like to be next extend
by doing this oh but yeah also guys you
guys haven't seen you guys the new Dave
days is um I'll be you guys going to his
channel india and the bar down there go
check out his most recent vid it's a
music video with the girl named Kimmi
smiles you very well check her out
subscribe to both of them both awesome
and also said the fracturing Tom would
be in this video but I didn't get a
chance to buy you I um iphone headphones
today so um I couldn't think of my other
ones a blush busted so yeah yeah just
going to give you here's a little bit
more look at the knock and yeah I'm
still filming the movie guys I'm going
to try doing the best to film the rest
of it tonight and tomorrow night but
make sure it's not going to get in the
way because I'm in school alright so
yeah please rate comment subscribe my
next video is going to be the mock video
and then the movie video so yeah all
right bye guys like advancing then
divide ok
609 help